Document Getting started procedure for Argo CD Rollouts via OpenShift GitOps (#78060)
openshift/openshift-docs: modules/gitops-updating-the-rollout.adoc

├──# revision:2                                                          
│  └──⧉ rollouts-demo-6cf78c66c5           ReplicaSet  ✔ Healthy  99s    canary
│     └──□ rollouts-demo-6cf78c66c5-zrgd4  Pod         ✔ Running  98s    ready:1/1
└──# revision:1                                                          
   └──⧉ rollouts-demo-687d76d795           ReplicaSet  ✔ Healthy  9m51s  stable
      ├──□ rollouts-demo-687d76d795-75k57  Pod         ✔ Running  9m50s  ready:1/1
      ├──□ rollouts-demo-687d76d795-jsxg8  Pod         ✔ Running  9m50s  ready:1/1
      ├──□ rollouts-demo-687d76d795-rsgtv  Pod         ✔ Running  9m50s  ready:1/1
      └──□ rollouts-demo-687d76d795-xrmrj  Pod         ✔ Running  9m50s  ready:1/1
----
+
The rollout is now in a paused status, because there is no pause duration specified in the rollout's update strategy configuration.

. Repeat the previous step to test the newly deployed version of application and ensure that it is working as expected. For example, verify the application by interacting with the application through the browser and try running tests or observing container logs.
+

> The Rollout will remain paused until you advance it to the next step. 

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The rollout will remain paused until you advance it to the next step. 
```
Should be lower case unless used with the actual title of the thing (Argo Rollout or the UI element/button).

> After you have verified that the new version of the application is working as expected, you can decide whether to continue with promotion or to abort the rollout. Accordingly, follow the instructions mentioned in "Promoting the rollout" or "Manually aborting the rollout".

Reviewer: ```suggestion
After you verify that the new version of the application is working as expected, you can decide whether to continue with promotion or to abort the rollout. Accordingly, follow the instructions in "Promoting the rollout" or "Manually aborting the rollout".
```
If these are Additional resource links, say so. Then the reader knows where to look for this information.
